docs/usage.md, before:

| [Home](../README.md) | 
|----------------------| 

# Usage

Refer to [Simulate Scenario documentation](https://github.com/fortinet-fortisoar/solution-pack-soc-simulator/blob/develop/docs/usage.md) to understand how to simulate and reset scenarios.

To understand the process FortiSOAR follows to triage the phishing emails based on ML classifier, we have included a scenario &mdash; **Phishing Email** with this solution pack. Refer to the section *Phishing Email Scenario* to understand how this solution pack's automation addresses your needs.

## Phishing Email Scenario

This scenario generates an example alert of Type *Suspicious Email* in FortiSOAR's **Alerts** module.

Navigate to the demo alert and note the following:

- The demo alert created is an example of a default email ingestion using the **Data Ingestion** feature
- Alert fields are mapped with information from the email, such as sender email id, reporter email id, and attachments
- Users can execute investigation playbook, out-of-the-box (OOB), against the alert **Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier**. It utilizes email information (sender, receiver, subject, body, header, and sender domain) for analyzing the case and suggesting corrective action.

**Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier**: Users can launch **Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier** playbook from an alert. This playbook performs following automated tasks:

- Set the threshold value for confidence. Threshold identifies the confidence level above which we are sure that the email is phishing.
- Provide verdict for the phishing alert record to the FortiSOAR Phishing Classifier connector, which returns the confidence, status, and label as a response.
- The triaging takes into account the response parameter and the threshold value.

Commit message:

1.0.1 changes - Edited following for typos, grammar, missing information, consistency, and clarity   - release_notes.md   - README.md   - setup.md   - usage.md   - contents.md

docs/usage.md, after:

| [Home](../README.md) |
|----------------------|
# Usage

Refer to [Simulate Scenario documentation](https://github.com/fortinet-fortisoar/solution-pack-soc-simulator/blob/develop/docs/usage.md) to understand how to simulate and reset scenarios.

To understand the process FortiSOAR follows to triage the phishing emails based on the ML classifier we have included a scenario &mdash; **Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier** with this solution pack. Refer to the section *Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier* to understand how this solution pack's automation addresses your needs.

## Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier

This scenario generates an example alert of Type *Suspicious Email* in FortiSOAR's **Alerts** module.

Navigate to the demo alert and note the following:

- The demo alert created is an example of a default email ingestion using the **Data Ingestion** feature. The demo alert's type is **Suspicious Email**.
- The alert fields are mapped with information from the email, such as sender email id, reporter email id, and attachments.
- Execute investigation playbooks, out-of-the-box (OOB), against the alert **Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier**. It utilizes email information (sender, receiver, subject, body, header, and sender domain) for analyzing the case and suggesting corrective action.
- Set the threshold value for the `confidence` variable under the *Configuration* step of the **Phishing Email Triage Based On ML Classifier** playbook. Threshold identifies the confidence level above which we are sure that the email is a phishing email.
- Provide verdict for the phishing alert record to the FortiSOAR Phishing Classifier connector, which returns the confidence, status, and label as a response.
- The triaging takes into account the response parameter and the threshold value.
